hey guys so we are back with a fun new
series and I've been made to do this for
a while but is ticking I'm going it for
us to both get on camera so um you've
heard the news if you follow me on
anything like Instagram Facebook Twitter
so we got engaged so it's been a little
while and again and get October yeah
sometime in October so I've been wanting
to do I always wanted to do like a
wedding youtube series because I think
it's really interesting following people
and doing ideas and just kind of feeling
like they're part of the process so I'm
going to deal with some installments but
actually filmed two already by had
dental welcome and Joe video it sounds
like if you could do this video so I
brought him as like you can do what you
I do with all my video first so I we
just wanted to tell you a little bit
about the wedding and so tell them where
we're gonna go punta cana dominican
republic yeah so I've done so many
weddings I've been few but I attended a
ton and I've done make up for time so i
think i would like kind of been like
when it closed tonight we're winning I
knew I didn't want to do too much
because it's just a lot and I'm just
worked out so we thought a destination
when it would be really cool and like
chill with our friends and family
vacation and tropical environment he
loves the Dominican her blood yes so
like it's one of his favorite places so
I was down with that so we're getting
made and when are we getting married
November 28 2015 so we have like
literally like a little less in nine
months which is crazy so um for not well
I thought of demanding me we're going to
do some videos I already have a deal for
my save the dates and my bridesmaid
proposals in terms of the other socks
like I'm going strong do videos
which I think you guys would think would
it be interesting I think one day went
on my wedding dress shopping but now i'm
going to show you the dress i'm going to
show you the dress or anything like
really important until we actually get
the wedding video so um what else is
there anything that's from missing oh
yeah invitations so we have these really
cool partitions are coming out soon your
video okay he's not an Intel in a little
details like that excited about the
imitations cuz I'm really creative what
else do we gonna do uh she would keep
the honeymoon suite crack yeah ok so the
hell is going to be bomb very know we're
going that's really like amazing and I
can't wait to share that with you guys
like the Dominican Republic line zone is
like a vacation yes this so oh yeah so
then we're going to do a wedding like
Dominican Republic I know not a lot of
people can come because you know it's
like overseas so what are we doing do
for everybody it'll enter reception yeah
so I'm going to do in Atlanta reception
so it's going to be like another
ceremony not really nervous know what a
bit living in the reception for everyone
not Lana who can't come and so I have
two dresses to wedding dresses you would
like do you need to dress but I got you
on the on the second dress so I my talk
about all that good stuff and you have
any like questions comment request leave
them in the comments below um what else
is there okay it is kinda laughs not
used to being on the front of the camera
but you'll be in more what do you want
videos together okay so thanks for
watching this little intro like I said
if you have any requests for them even
though I just want to tell you guys
about it so if you want to see our
engagement pics check me out on
Instagram Facebook or Twitter really
good on
for sure and I posted like a whole deal
Klaus really fine yeah and they'll pop
up up picture click right here I
surprise proposal like he did really
good on so that's it so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and for next time I